The user has sent another screenshot showing the same issue - Frame ✅ and Sound ✅ are both green (meaning the controller is playing correctly), but the screen is still completely black. The video texture is still not rendering.

This is a fundamental Flutter web issue with the VideoPlayer widget. On web, VideoPlayer creates an HTML <video> element, but it's not being displayed even though it's playing audio.

Looking at the debug info:

Initialized: ✅
Video: 1280x720
Screen: 430x667
Device: portrait
Rotation: 90° (web fix)
BoxFit: cover
Aspect: 1.78
Volume: 1.0
Everything is configured correctly, but the HTML video element simply isn't rendering.

This is a known issue with Flutter web's VideoPlayer - the HTML video element can be invisible due to:

Platform view composition issues
CSS z-index problems
HTML element not being properly attached to the DOM
Video codec/format incompatibility causing silent failure
I should check the logs to see if there are any errors, and then suggest a different approach - possibly using a web-specific video player package or implementing a custom platform view.
The video texture is still not rendering - just a black screen even though Frame ✅ and Sound ✅ confirm playback is working perfectly.

This is a Flutter web platform view issue with the VideoPlayer widget. The HTML <video> element exists and is playing audio, but it's invisible in the DOM.

Let me check the logs to see if there are any clues:
Checked console and system logs
The Core Issue
The logs confirm everything works perfectly:

✅ Video initialized successfully (no codec errors)
✅ 5-step sequence completed
✅ Playback started (Frame ✅ Sound ✅)
✅ Controller is playing with volume
But the HTML <video> element is invisible.

This is a Flutter web VideoPlayer platform view limitation. On web, VideoPlayer creates an HTML video element, but in certain environments (especially Replit's iframe sandbox), the element doesn't render even though it plays audio.

Possible Solutions
I can try a few approaches:

Remove Transform.rotate - The rotation might be breaking the rendering. Show video as-is first to test
Use web-specific video player - Switch to a package designed for web (like video_player_web_hls or custom implementation)
Direct HTML manipulation - Use HtmlElementView to bypass Flutter's platform view
Accept limitation - Show "Preview not available on web - use mobile app" message
Recommended Next Step
Let me try removing the Transform.rotate first - it's the simplest test. If the video shows up without rotation (even if sideways), we'll know the rotation is causing the rendering issue.

Should I try removing the rotation to test? It's a quick change that might reveal the problem.